Add `schema.fieldsMatch` property; clarified extra/non-specified fields in Table Schema (#39)
frictionlessdata/datapackage: content/docs/specifications/table-schema.md

}
```

## Properties

### `fields`

A Table Schema descriptor `MUST` contain a property `fields`. `fields` `MUST` be an array where each entry in the array is a field descriptor as defined below.

> The way Table Schema `fields` are mapped onto the data source fields are defined by the `fieldsMatch` property. By default, the most strict approach is applied i.e. fields in the data source `MUST` completely match the elements in the `fields` array regarding their amount and order. Using different options below, a data producer can relax requirements to the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way Table Schema `fields` are mapped onto the data source fields are defined by the `fieldsMatch` property. By default, the most strict approach is applied, i.e. fields in the data source `MUST` completely match the elements in the `fields` array, both in number and order. Using different options below, a data producer can relax requirements for the data source.
```

Updated wording

### `fieldsMatch`

A Table Schema descriptor `MAY` contain a property `fieldsMatch` that `MUST` be a string with the following possible values and the `exact` value by default:

- **exact** (default): The data source `MUST` have exactly the same fields as defined in the `fields` array. Fields `MUST` be mapped by their order.
- **equal**: The data source `MUST` have exactly the same fields as defined in the `fields` array. Fields `MUST` be mapped by their names.

> - **subset**: The data source `MUST` have all the fields defined in the `fields` array. Fields `MUST` be mapped by their names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **subset**: The data source `MUST` have all the fields defined in the `fields` array, but `MAY` have more. Fields `MUST` be mapped by their names.
```

> - **superset**: The data source `MUST` have only the fields defined in the `fields` array. Fields `MUST` be mapped by their names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **superset**: The data source `MUST` only have fields defined in the `fields` array, but `MAY` have fewer. Fields `MUST` be mapped by their names.
```

}
```

## Properties

### `fields`

A Table Schema descriptor `MUST` contain a property `fields`. `fields` `MUST` be an array where each entry in the array is a field descriptor as defined below.

The way Table Schema `fields` are mapped onto the data source fields are defined by the combination of the `exactFields` and `orderedFields` properties. By default, the least strict approach is applied i.e. fields in the data source `MAY` be unordered and have extra items. Enabling the properties below, a data producer can enforce additional requirements to the data source.

### `exactFields`

A Table Schema descriptor `MAY` contain a property `exactFields` that `MUST` be boolean with default value `false`:

> - **false** (default): The number of fields in the data source `MUST` be equal or more than the number of elements in the `fields` array.

Reviewer: What about the (common) use case where you have less fields in the data source compared to the `fields` array?

Author: @peterdesmet 
It's a good question. Won't it make the data source invalid against the given Table Schema? I guess software still can read it but my feeling that the missing fields need to be marked as a structural error

I'm just trying to think here about a Table Schema as a data contract and missing fields seems to be a violation but I'm not sure.

Reviewer: In biodiversity informatics, it is common to work with schemas (like this one https://rs.gbif.org/extension/gbif/1.0/distribution_2022-02-02.xml), where a publisher will only use a number of fields, since not all apply to the data they hold. I'd like to be able to use Table Schemas for that. 😄  Fields that are expected to be there can be indicated with the `required` property (and raise a validation error if they are not).

If you agree, would it be possible to update the wording to allow this use case?

Author: Of course, missing fields can be filled by `null` and then e.g. `required: true` be used but it seems a little bit different as it's on an individual rows level

Author: @peterdesmet 
Make sense! 

I've updated the PR -- if a Table Schema author needs strictness here, they can use `exactFields: true`. If there is a use case of requiring `equal or more` fields we can add a separate constraint later

- **true**: The number of fields in the data source `MUST` be exactly the same as the number of elements in the `fields` array.

### `orderedFields`

A Table Schema descriptor `MAY` contain a property `orderedFields` that `MUST` be boolean with default value `false`:

- **false** (default): Each element in the `fields` array `MUST` be mapped to the corresponding field in the data source based on their names.

> - **true**: Each element in the `fields` array `MUST` be mapped to the corresponsing field in the data source based on their order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **true**: Each element in the `fields` array `MUST` be mapped to the corresponding field in the data source based on their order.
```
